README.md, before:

# ParkHeroML

Predicts Disneyland wait times and FastPass availability by utilizing a deep neural network regression model.  The code is part of this [Docker Image](https://hub.docker.com/r/jester565/trainfastpasses) that I run nightly to generate graphs like this:

![Graphs of attraction wait times and FastPasses](./rdme/graphs.png)

## Running

First, populate [config.env](./config.env) with the proper configurations.  A [Dark Sky API](https://darksky.net/dev) secret and a [Google Cloud Geocoding API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/geocoding/start) key must be provided.  More importantly, the model will need a lot of data.  The data I have in my database is in the [DisneyData repo](https://github.com/Jester565/DisneylandData).  After setting everything up, run the container using:
```bash
docker pull jester565/trainfastpasses
docker run --rm --env-file config.env jester565/trainfastpasses
```

## Building

To make changes to the script, simply pull this repo, make changes, and run `docker build -t traindisney .`

Use the command `docker run --rm --env-file config.env traindisney` to run the modified code.

Commit message:

Added data description to ReadMe

README.md, after:

# ParkHeroML

Part of the [ParkHero Project](https://github.com/Jester565/ParkHeroReactNative)

Predicts Disneyland wait times and FastPass availability by utilizing a deep neural network regression model.  The code is part of this [Docker Image](https://hub.docker.com/r/jester565/trainfastpasses) that I run nightly to generate graphs like this:

![Graphs of attraction wait times and FastPasses](./rdme/graphs.png)

## ML Data

| Data Name  | Data Type | Description |
| ------------- | ------------- | --------- |
| RideID  | Categorical  | A unique identifier for each attraction |
| OpenHour | Numerical | The hour (local tz) that the park opened |
| HoursOpen | Numerical | # of hours the park is open for |
| MagicHours| Categorical | If the park is allowing early entry for hotel guests |
| BlockLevel  | Categorical  | What level of pass is required to enter the park this day |
| CrowdLevel | Numerical | The predicted crowd level of the park today (0-5) |
| Temp | Numerical | The feels like temperature in farhenheit |
| IsHoliday | Categorical | If close to a holiday, this is true |
| HoursSinceOpen | Numerical | The # of hours the park has been open today |
| DOW | Categorical | The day of the week |
| Month | Categorical | The month |
| Year | Categorical | The year |

Output will either be the FastPass or wait time of an attraction (depending on config)

## Running

First, populate [config.env](./config.env) with the proper configurations.  A [Dark Sky API](https://darksky.net/dev) secret and a [Google Cloud Geocoding API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/geocoding/start) key must be provided.  More importantly, the model will need a lot of data.  The data I have in my database is in the [DisneyData repo](https://github.com/Jester565/DisneylandData).  After setting everything up, run the container using:
```bash
docker pull jester565/trainfastpasses
docker run --rm --env-file config.env jester565/trainfastpasses
```

## Building

To make changes to the script, simply pull this repo, make changes, and run `docker build -t traindisney .`

Use the command `docker run --rm --env-file config.env traindisney` to run the modified code.
